hi I'm Jessica this is Sarah ever gonna
film a movie about the auction Tina yeah
this is one peanut that only has one and
this is what to do that only has two
nothing yeah it's like tuna in touch
naked this is a I'll chip you that one
two three Fang needs in like 12 thing
nuts and I hope it has three nuts and
maybe you can see inside later but this
like it's like magical beasts you found
out robots grill this thing at anyone
without ya Apple has only one peanut in
it and it has 19 and silent now this is
a ordinary of dope planet that has only
two peanuts inside it so go open you
and who's a number two kids so it's two
teens inside ok double peanut I'll show
you that had three nuts inside it so you
went out oh there's one number to cut
this into three okay number two and
we'll get the number for you
she goes one two three nuts inside it it
is the ultra peanut that was really cool
and it was like they have like three
peanuts inside all hail the chip of
Venus hi I'm Jessica the sister and
thank you for watch our movie by and
thank you for letting our time of movie
thank you for liking it